except that I saw that in that was the
will the divine will manifesting before
my eyes and he said I never saw a rock
or a tree or anything except that I saw
it as a manifestation of the divine will
it was God that put that thing there
that's what he was acknowledging and
then he said woman you out of them
romantic nanny who was a rule never and
gotta be that the one who exalts the
format of Allah the sanctified things of
God and what is more sanctified than the
creation of Allah Subhan Allah - Ana
this thing that Allah has created as a
tidge M&E of all of his divine
attributes and then called us to marvel
at it if you look at people when they
see people who can do something amazing
you see you had a yeah a beautiful
singer who sings his song and people in
the non-muslim society you know what
they do if people clap they really sings
ovation they do an ovation right which
is to to praise that is because of
what's happening in their hearts they
see something extraordinary and they
want to praise that thing because
they're seeing something that has
affected their souls so when they see a
somebody who's mastered the piano and he
gets up and plays some extraordinary
piece by Rachmaninoff or Beethoven they
all stand up and they clap and clap to
say what an extraordinary
thing you've just done before our eyes
how extraordinary
that's what they feel like doing because
it's so amazing and yet we're in this
incredible existence this amazing
creation and it stars in the heavens
galaxies we've got Hubble telescopes
that look at the far corners of the
universe
the massive expansiveness we have
flowers that bloom before our eyes
we can watch flowers that move across as
the Sun moves across the sky the flowers
follow the Sun to Arabic ultimately by
the Sun we have animals that can do the
most extraordinary things elephants that
can carry extraordinary weight on their
backs but ants even even more
extraordinary that can carry many times
their own weight all of these things
happening before us we have women right
now in this room there is a fetus a baby
developing in their wombs mitotic cell
division at rapid rates all of these
things are happening everywhere and we
don't feel compelled to give God a
standing ovation
to stand up before allah subhana wa
ta'ala and say Allahu Akbar Allahu Akbar
Allahu Akbar really to stand in ovation
before our Lord
like people stand before some poor souls
perfected some little trick on a musical
instrument who can pipe a tune out and
were compelled to jump up and clap and
say bravo Bravo and we can't get up for
the Lord of the Worlds and say Allah
Akbar
my mother akka be a beacon Kadeem what
has deluded you what has deleted you
what has taken you away from the praise
of your Lord
you